Updated documentation about InvocationType, for both client and server. (#13376)
eclipse/jetty.project: documentation/jetty/modules/programming-guide/pages/arch/threads.adoc

This mode solves the head-of-line blocking discussed in the <<execution-strategy-pc,`Produce-Consume` section>>, but suffers from other issues:

* It is not CPU core cache efficient, as the data available to the producer thread will need to be accessed by another thread that likely is going to run on a CPU core that will not have that data in its caches.
* The `Executor` queue may grow indefinitely, if there are fewer threads than tasks, and the tasks take time to run.
* A small latency is added to the processing of every task: the time it waits in the `Executor` queue.

[[execution-strategy-epc]]
=== Execute-Produce-Consume

> In the `Execute-Produce-Consume` mode, the producer thread `Thread 1` loops to produce a task, then submits one internal task to an `Executor` to take over production on the new producer thread `Thread 2`, and then runs the task in `Thread 1` (which therefore becomes a worker thread).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `Execute-Produce-Consume` mode, when the `Producer Thread` produces a blocking task, it is able to run the task itself (becoming a worker thread), but only if another thread is is immediately available (a reserved thread) to take over production.
```

Author: This section is the explanation of EPC, not how EPC is used in `AdaptiveExecutionStrategy`, so the original text is more correct, and matches with the diagram below.

----

> This mode may operate like <<execution-strategy-pc,`Produce-Consume`>> when the take-over production task run, for example, by thread `Thread 3` takes time to be executed (for example, in a busy server): then thread `Thread 2` will produce one task and run it, then produce another task and run it, etc. -- `Thread 2` behaves exactly like the `Produce-Consume` mode.

Reviewer 2: The definition of "the take-over production task" is unclear.
Is is mentioned elsewhere in a previous commit perhaps?

Author: It is mentioned in the previous paragraph:

> In the `Execute-Produce-Consume` mode, the producer thread `Thread 1` loops to produce a task, then submits one internal task to an `Executor` to take over production on the new producer thread `Thread 2`...

> This mode may operate like <<execution-strategy-pc,`Produce-Consume`>> when the take-over production task run, for example, by thread `Thread 3` takes time to be executed (for example, in a busy server): then thread `Thread 2` will produce one task and run it, then produce another task and run it, etc. -- `Thread 2` behaves exactly like the `Produce-Consume` mode.

Reviewer: I find the thread 1, 2, 3 stuff hard to follow and unnecessary (see above and below).
```suggestion
This mode operates like <<execution-strategy-pc,`Produce-Consume`>> when a thread is immediately available (via `tryExecute`) to take-over and become the `Producer Thread`.  Otherwise, this mode operates like <<execution-strategy-pec,`Produce-Execute-Consume`>>.
```

Author: Again, this is the generic EPC, not `AdaptiveExecutionStrategy`, and thread numbers refer to the associated diagram.

> By the time thread `Thread 3` takes over task production from `Thread 2`, all the work might already be done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Why remove?

Reviewer: It's a small implementation detail that adds little value here

Author: But nevertheless worth documenting.

Reviewer: I disagree

> This mode may also operate similarly to <<execution-strategy-pec,`Produce-Execute-Consume`>> when the take-over production task always finds a free CPU core immediately (for example, in a mostly idle server): thread `Thread 1` will produce a task, yield production to `Thread 2` while `Thread 1` is running the task; `Thread 2` will produce a task, yield production to `Thread 3` while `Thread 2` is running the task, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Why remove?

Reviewer: The text using "thread 1" and "thread 2" is hard to follow. Just call the threads by what they be are : "producer thread"

Author: It is confusing to use "producer thread" because it implies that that thread will always produce, and that's not the case.
Furthermore, "thread 1" etc. refer to the diagram just above the text, so it is easy to follow once you see the diagram.

Reviewer: Sorry but the reader rather than the author gets to decide what is confusing.   I find the current text difficult to follow.
